[Docs] Add documentation about using ParaAttention to optimize FLUX and HunyuanVideo (#10544)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/optimization/para_attn_flux.md

> ## Introduction
> 
> During the past year, we have seen the rapid development of image generation models with the release of several open-source models, such as [FLUX.1-dev](https://huggingface.co/black-forest-labs/FLUX.1-dev) and [SD3.5-large](https://huggingface.co/stabilityai/stable-diffusion-3.5-large).
> It is very exciting to see that open source image generation models are going to beat closed source.
> However, the inference speed of these models is still a bottleneck for real-time applications and deployment.
> 
> In this article, we will use [ParaAttention](https://github.com/chengzeyi/ParaAttention), a library implements **Context Parallelism** and **First Block Cache**, as well as other techniques like `torch.compile` and **FP8 Dynamic Quantization**, to achieve the fastest inference speed for FLUX.1-dev.
> 
> **We set up our experiments on NVIDIA L20 GPUs, which only have PCIe support.**
> **If you have NVIDIA A100 or H100 GPUs with NVLink support, you can achieve a better speedup with context parallelism, especially when the number of GPUs is large.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Large image and video generation models, such as [FLUX.1-dev](https://huggingface.co/black-forest-labs/FLUX.1-dev) and [HunyuanVideo](https://huggingface.co/tencent/HunyuanVideo), can be an inference challenge for real-time applications and deployment because of their size.

[ParaAttention](https://github.com/chengzeyi/ParaAttention) is a library that implements **context parallelism** and **first block cache**, as well as other techniques (torch.compile, fp8 dynamic quantization), to accelerate inference.

This guide will show you how to apply ParaAttention to FLUX.1-dev and HunyuanVideo on NVIDIA L20 GPUs with only PCIe support.

> [!TIP]
> For even faster inference with context parallelism, try using NVIDIA A100 or H100 GPUs (if available) with NVLink support, especially when there is a large number of GPUs.
```

> ## FLUX.1-dev Inference with `diffusers`

Reviewer: I would structure the doc like this to keep the focus on what ParaAttention offers!

```md
## First block cache
## fp8 quantization
## Context parallelism
```

For each feature, like first block cache, you can make use of the following syntax (see example [here](https://huggingface.co/docs/diffusers/main/en/using-diffusers/text-img2vid)) so users can switch between FLUX.1-dev and HunyuanVideo. Since the code for applying first block cache is quite similar for both models, it's tidier to use these tabs.

```py
<hfoptions id="first-block-cache">
<hfoption id="FLUX-1.dev">

content goes here

</hfoption>
<hfoption id="HunyuanVideo">

content goes here

</hfoption>
</hfoptions>
